it's a bit of a tease it's sexy it's
flirty and it's the right amount of
peekaboo for you the fashion world loves
to call it the waterfall hemline also
the mullet but there's another easy name
for it called the high-low hemline the
beauty of the waterfall hemline
certainly lies in its versatility
because it lends itself beautifully to
atop a dress and even a skirt look one
saw quite a bit of color blocking with a
grass green skirt and a bright blue
jacket worn over a crop top which also
had a lot of colors there was also
really fun envelope bag nice hearings
and Mary Jane shoes that completed the
look a high-low hemline skirt looks
wonderful with a crop top and this is
the kind of look you should try when you
just casually lounging around at a
five-star hotel
if look one was fun and flirty look too
spelled evening chic it was elegant
classy and yet very very easy to pull up
there was a chic evening dress that was
paired with a chunky Makepeace
elegant footwear a spiral bangle and a
metallic clutch a dinner at a plush
restaurant a rooftop party a special
date these are all the occasions you can
wear a waterfall hemline dressed
look three was very sweet chic very
rugged and very edgy a tie-dyed hi-low
hemline
topped with interesting back details was
paired with a tie-dyed printed leggings
and boots with aviators completed below
let's say that a high-low hemline top is
your best bet when you want to do a look
that's easy feminine and sexy
just remember to pair it with something
that's form-fitting like we have in this
case with a pair of leggings
now what do you do if you don't have
legs like Kate Moss and yet want to wear
this strength it's simple you just have
to add a pair of dark stockings and you
can wear the trend as it is do remember
that this is a young trend it's fun it's
flirty certainly not something we'd
recommend for women above 40 unless you
want to wear kurta or an anarkali with a
waterfall hemline so the hemline this
season is soaring as much as it's
dropping
hiding as much as it's revealing and
that's what makes it such a fun trend to
watch out for the season so stay stylish
and flow with the high-low